refactor(auth-kit): Reduce bundle size (#523)
safe-global/safe-core-sdk: packages/api-kit/README.md

## <a name="initialization">Initialization</a>

### Initialize the SafeApiKit

```js
import SafeApiKit from '@safe-global/api-kit'

const safeService = new SafeApiKit({
  chainId: 1,

>   // Optional. txServiceUrl should be used if no Safe deployment for the chainId

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // Optional. txServiceUrl must be used to set a custom service. For example on chains where Safe doesn't run services.
```
